Aaaaaand…let there be lii *mild electrocution* God Dammit what was that?
Okay only a diode, the Nixie Tubes won’t take anymore eyebrows from me.
Yes, Hello, good evening to all eight of you listening.
Thank you to everyone who has let me pick through your houses and what not for old circuit boards, toys and bits of scrap copper.
After a year and a half of scrounging the parts together I have gotten the local radio equipment running again.
The range is pretty much line of sight, I’ve not actually had the chance to eyeball how far this reaches.
It is Eleven Twenty Three, March Second, Twenty Thirty.
No I did not plan that, just Serendipity.
This is Lon, local Autistic Gremlin and Former Courier.
Now here to annoy you from your wireless rather than face to face.
It’s been a long time since I was live, all the way back in College, damn I’m old…
…
Anyway, this is your one stop shop for news, music and whatever else I can scrounge up from the end of everything.
But first things first, this test broadcast is to prove I’m not going electrocute myself operating all of this and the capacitors to start the generator don’t turn my house into a hole in the ground with the faint smell of ozone.
…
I will be honest I didn’t exactly think of how to fill the time while I wait for confirmation that I can be heard in the local towns I guess I will get a head start on the morning news.
Ahem,
This is the Morning News for the Sunny South East of the Emerald Isles March Third, Second, Third? Tomorrow; its tomorrow’s News.
…
The new Post Master of Waterford has been elected, Congratulations to Paul Whitford on ascending to the position.
For those of you who don’t know Paul was among the first members of An Post in county Waterford to return to his station and has helped organise the local cattle mart in his free time.
Enjoy the fresh strawberries and I hope you like buttermilk.
…
The GAA’s Centre of Excellence continues its usual weekend tournaments and training, Officer Walsh and his team will be there to take any sliotars that might be in need of some love and affection as well as any hurls you might need touched up.
I am unfortunately not up to date on the local leagues state of play, however, it has just began so once I have any idea who is where or what half the rules mean I will let you know. I should probably get a sports correspondent.
For those of you looking to play the under eights start at five pm on the Fridays, under tens five thirty, so on and so forth until eight pm where the main pitch is for the County Team to train.
Great for the kids to keep them fit and reconnect with that good old Irish culture.
…
To Catch everyone up, the slow return of everyone who vanished into the Dream continues at a slow but steady pace 
With the most recent to return being Marc Hayes son of Arklow Butcher John Hayes, and Nicola Mooney former Accountant and now Parish Bookkeeper. 
Both reported the same dream we’ve all been hearing about for the past few years, glass, holes in the wall, lots of magenta we’ve all had it at one point or another.
The Local Coven of the IV-uhr-Meth have updated their records so if you are looking for anyone find one of the sisters or ask An Post to put you in contact with one.
Both Mystical and Scientific departments of the Coven have yet to understand what makes the dream take people or why they return.
…
To connect our last two stories, the GAA, Circle of Sisters and Librarians Guild have come together with the help of An Post to help further distribute more school supplies between the different towns.
It is mostly books, slates, chalk, the likes for the time being but this will likely bring basic maths and Irish back to all schools across the region.
I know those of you lucky enough to be close enough to the schools to send the kids every day will be delights to hear you’ve more homework for them.
…
The French Delegation has returned from Dublin and is scheduled to leave our lovely island sometime next week.
Those who did not meet them on their travels a number of individuals from the north of France landed on our shore a few weeks ago in search of the Leinster Trade Council and upon finishing their negotiations set off for Dublin in search of trade partners there.
It is believed they negotiated with the Pale but I have heard no word personally either way.
…
What that we move on to local trade upda*sound of explosion* God Damn
I will be back in the morning folks. I think the chickens got spooked again, folks enjoy the music.

*Musical Interlude*
…
Goooood Morning Everyone, This is Lon with Twenty Three Degrees FM.
Your voice for News across the Emerald Isles and beyond in this post apocalypse.
No need for a wireless licence, good old fashioned not quite pirate radio, brought to you by the power of good neighbours and Autistic Pixie Wrangling.
Those Insomniacs among you heard our Debut Broadcast late last night.
Our signal range covers the vast majority of the sunny south east, somehow.
I didn’t think we had the altitude or power capacity, but stranger things have happened that last few years.
…
While I have no mandate, for the time being this whole show is run by myself, my husband, the cats and the chickens.
By the way for those of you worried for the abrupt ending to my broadcast last night the chickens are fine.
They indeed attacked one of the battery banks but thankfully just knocked loose one of the terminals.
There was no flash fried chicken for breakfast; though Churchill was a little frazzled, her egg this morning had a distinct hint of ozone I am told.
*disgruntled horse sounds*
Sniffles would like you all to know he also runs the show.
…
Anyway enough about the animals.
Good morning everyone, this broadcast will hopefully keep you appraised of the local goings on, events, trade news, births, deaths and of course anything else I think people might like to hear.
Starting off with the news.
This is the Morning News for the Sunny South East of the Emerald Isles March Third…
*fade across and skip to*
It is believed they negotiated with the Pale, I have learned this morning that they have made a deal for Whisky in exchange for a number of Steel works.
I don’t have exact details as to the steel works but I do hope its an expansion to the Botanical Gardens.
…
Onto Trade News,
The Brotherhood of the Blessed Bones are asking for any unused 

